# todo
[x ] paper group
[/ ] server setup
[ ] write up notes on api 
[ ] write up notes on cli
[ ] cli testing/ api testing
[ ] uv of pyproject.toml swarms
[ ] more ideas for explainer videos
[x ] standup

# Infra

https://github.com/jmikedupont2/swarms/tree/feature/telemetry
Mike has a working swarm on bare metal with telemetry. Testing on DO

# standup
Hershel's UI looks great

Kye having git issues - will meet with him

Mike presented backend progress. Patrick working on telementry

General discussion of UI

Promotion is the number 1 growth focus over the next 30 days:youtube, influencers, in person meetings

# infra meeting
Customers will have tokens/auth to get to the api endpoint. Their credentials will be passed in as part of the {baseurl} of the api request. The api servers will be containers exclusive to that customer. Some mechanism for storage/context persistence/logging will need to be decided on. 

Customers will create auth tokens, for their employees. 
Auth tokens will be used as part of TGSC billing system to count usage. There will be multiple Auth Tokens per Customer.

Issue: current api testing is a spin up, connect, delete (a smoke test), not a more typical usage test.

Issue: there are no tests of Auth Token usage patterns

Issue: there are no billing tests (customer Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD); auth token CRUD, usage count, supabase usage db CRUD, reporting of usage CRUD; auth scopes around reporting)

Issue: once usage reporting is started, some interface to payment system is needed out of supabase)

